Update for latest collapsible app bar content (#421)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/appbar.mdx

# Collapsible App Bar

In some situations, you may want to present more than just a title and subtitle in an app bar, such as a large graphic, buttons, or multiple lines of text. Collapsible app bars, sometimes referred to as expandable app bars, extended app bars, and prominent app bars, are ideal for this situation. The app bar starts out tall but will shrink as the user scrolls down the page until it becomes a basic app bar.

<React.Fragment>
    <ImageGrid
        images={[CollapsibleAppBar1, CollapsibleAppBar2]}
        caption={[
            `1: A standard collapsible app bar.`,
            `2: A collapsible app bar changed its color to red to indicate an alarmed status.`,

>         ]}

Author: Intentional... to highlight the fact that collapsible app bars can have different heights.

    />
</React.Fragment>

Collapsible app bars put a larger emphasize on the app bar content on page load, and provide an opportunity to show images pertain to the page topic.This allows you the flexibility to present an eye-catching banner without permanently reducing the amount of usable space on the page. This pattern is most commonly used for mobile applications, but could also be used for web.

<ImageGrid
    images={[CollapsibleAppBarDynamic, CollapsibleAppBarSnap]}
    caption={[

>         `Collapsible app bars have two variants: a dynmaic, scroll-with-finger one that transitions smoothly (first image), and an app bar that "snaps" and collapses once the user scrolls pass a certain point (second image). If you are uncertain whether your page content height is more than one screen tall, use the snap variant to prevent having your app bar stucks halfway through the collapsing.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `Collapsible app bars can have two slightly different behaviors: 'dynamic', which resizes proportionally to the scroll position (first image), and  'snap', which collapses in one step once the user scrolls pass a certain threshold (second image). You should avoid using collapsible app bars on pages that do not have significant amounts of scrollable content to prevent situations where the app bar can only be partially collapsed or not collapsed at all.`,
```

<ImageGrid
    images={[CollapsibleAppBarDynamic, CollapsibleAppBarSnap]}
    caption={[
        `Collapsible app bars can have two slightly different behaviors: 'dynamic', which resizes proportionally to the scroll position (first image), and  'snap', which collapses in one step once the user scrolls pass a certain threshold (second image). You should avoid using collapsible app bars on pages that do not have significant amounts of scrollable content to prevent situations where the app bar can only be partially collapsed or not collapsed at all.`,
    ]}
/>

The collapsible appbar should transition smoothly between the expanded and collapsed states — this means you will need to account for how the app bar will look throughout the transition. Because elements will disappear as the app bar shrinks, you'll need to use various transition techniques to do this smoothly, depending on your content.

<ImageGrid
    images={[HideOnCollapse]}
    caption={[

>         `When a collapsible app bar (#1) collapses, it may choose to either hide the third line of text (#2), second line of text (#3), but the page title, or the first line of text, should never be hidden (#4).`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `When a collapsible app bar (#1) collapses, you may choose to either hide the third line of text (#2) or the second line of text (#3), but the page title (first line) should never be hidden (#4).`,
```

## Mobile

> <ImageGrid images={[Specs1Image, Specs2Image, Specs3Image, Specs5Image, Specs6Image]} regularWidth />

Reviewer: The 60% height / center labels on this guy are a little confusing. It might make more sense if the 60% line only extends down to the midline of the three liner instead of to the bottom of the app bar.
